Hey, good morning family. How are y'all
doing today? Well, praise the Lord.
The Lord spoke to us to have Diana do it
yesterday, and I really believe she
did a good job for her first video. I
was really proud of her. I said, "Good
job, babe, preaching the
gospel."My
preaching mama here. You're
a much better speaker than me. No, hun.
You did great. It's your first time. So,
I'm proud of you. I just
know in my heart, well, I had an
open-eyed vision when I was praying.
People said, "Do you have these a
lot?"I'm
telling you, they're
increasing. The spirit of the Lord, ever
since I started doing these
prayers
with you all every
day, it was dry for a while. And the
Lord said, "Brandon, I want
you just to intercede and
pray."And
then all of a sudden, he's starting to
show us stuff. He's giving her dreams
and visions, and he's
giving me more visions. I usually
am not a real big dreamer. But
he speaks to me in these visions
that I have whenever I pray. I
was interceding for my family like I
always do, and the Lord
opened my eyes about some things that
He
was going to do with Diana.
In the process, he was showing me
when I was praying over my
family and everything, he said, "I want to
show you some other things about
Neuralink and what I warned
you
about Elon Musk."We've seen
Elon Musk turn a corner here saying that
he's for the First Amendment, everybody.
So, he's buddying up to all the
Christians, basically saying all this
stuff, but I'm telling you, there will
be a day when things are going to flip.
And I'm not attacking him. Okay?
People go, "You're attacking
him."No,
I'm not. There will be a
day when the technology that
he uses,
whether consciously or not,
will be
used for
evil.
I
saw
Neuralink
being used as
the technology behind it for the mark of
the beast. Because of 5G
towers—they're
not everywhere, I don't
believe they are. Maybe they are.
They're going to get them there, but
they were not everywhere. So
the antichrist, when he rules and reigns
over the earth, he will rule over
everything. The satellites, Starlink—there
are
literally, I believe,
hundreds of them in the sky now. But
when this takes place,
there will be a lot more, and it provides
internet signal throughout the whole
world, and it's controlled by
computers. So when Starlink
happens, it will
be able to communicate to the chips from
Neuralink made by the same
man, same companies, same everything.
Neuralink and Starlink will be like
buddies.
And when they inject that
chip inside of your hand or your
forehead, it will communicate to the
internet up above the
Earth's
atmosphere with Starlink. And when this
covers the whole earth, they
will be able to track
you with the
drones flying over, telling where people
are with the internet signal.
You all don't know how much is coming,
but I'm trying to warn you. The
technology is all getting in place for
the beast system, for a cashless
society.
When I brought out about the
BRICS
bringing out for the new cashless
system, for a new digital platform to go
against the dollar, I prophesied that
that was going to happen. Well, all this
is getting set up for crypto, for
digital CBDCs, and all the things
that are going to be linked to it.
That's going to be linked to that chip, which
is
going to be linked to Starlink, which
going to be linked into a
one-world
currency.
It's all like dominoes, and people, you
don't understand how close we are to
Jesus coming. If
you're not born again, you should be
scared
spitless. If you are not serving the Lord
Jesus Christ and you have one foot in
the world and one foot
with
Jesus,
you are in trouble. It is not a time of
compromise. It is a time that we should
have our eyes lifted up
because our redemption is drawing nigh.
It's time to wake up and know that Jesus
Christ is coming. Well, I'm telling you,
I saw. I had a
vision, and the Lord started talking to
me about the
Nephilim.
I'm telling you, I
saw—this
is where I'm going—it's just
like stepping on something, folks.
I saw Elon
Musk, and I saw a demonic shadow behind
him of a
Nephilim
technology.
It was influencing him. I do not
want to call him
Nephilim
because they're giants,
right? But there is like a hybrid.
He has hybrid thinking.
That's just the way I saw
it in the spirit, that this was a mind
that was
hybrid. I don't know if he is a hybrid.
I just know that there's something about
this man that is getting these ideas the
way he's able to do it, and he is backed
by
the Lord backing him because that
stuff has to come to pass, or what,
because you know Bible prophecy is going
to come to pass regardless because
the Bible says
it will.
So this mind that he has that is
bringing forth Starlink, bringing
forth the chips, bringing forth all
the stuff is thinking that is
beyond anybody who I've ever seen
before. The ideas of the
electric cars and his mind—it's
just—does
anybody else agree with
this? He thinks in a way that is not
normal. And all of a sudden, now he's the
cheerleader for freedom of speech.
So all these people are
liking him and he's like, "I'm your
buddy. I'm your pal. Follow
me."And
everybody's like, "Well,
he's on the good side."And I pray
he is, folks. But don't be deceived.
He's on the good side, he's for helping
Trump, he's giving him billions of
dollars and everything.
And maybe the guy really genuinely is
good. So I don't want to judge his
character because I don't know him. I
just know that he is
helping get forth the beast
system. Does that make sense? It's not
attacking him. Maybe the Lord
will use whoever he has to because the
Bible prophecy is going to happen. So
I
always want to be careful because
you don't want to add to or take away
from anything. But I saw a dark demonic
spirit behind it. And it had
humongous, huge
horns that look like huge, huge horns.
And I heard
Nephilim.
And I went, "What in the
world?"because
in the vision, I thought, "Oh no,
surely he's not Nephilim."I don't know.
As
I said, you can't add to or take
away from anything. I just see it.
Then you try to reason in
your mind in the spirit what you're
seeing. But I heard the word
Nephilim.
Then I saw a dark thing behind
him and then I saw all the things
tentacling out from his mind of what he
was doing to bring forth all these
things.
It was shocking, and I told my
wife, "Diana,
all the things the Lord showed me, even
when the Lord took me in tribulation,
it's coming to pass. It's
happening."And
we're going to start to see
aliens, fallen angels—not real
aliens—a
great deception. And people say, "Do
you believe in aliens?"No, I don't. I
believe in fallen angels. I believe what
the Bible says. And the Bible warns us
that
all these things are going to
come. And so you all need to know
we're going to start to see some stuff.
So that's what I had for you about Elon
Musk. I thought it was kind of
interesting what I saw in
the spirit about him with that big devil
behind him. But let's just
pray. I don't
get into all the darkness, but I just
want to tell you all we're getting close
to Jesus coming. I want to encourage you
to keep your eyes to the skies;
Jesus Christ is coming. It's
exciting times, folks, but it's time to
get radical for Jesus and get your
heart and your lamps full of oil, seeking
him daily and being excited about his
coming. We're going to pray for
that. We'll pray real
quick, then we'll dismiss
and
start again tomorrow.
Let's pray. Father, I thank you.
Do you have anything on your heart to
pray for? No, just the elections.
Father, we
thank you for the elections. We
thank you that this will be a
time of the people rising up and voting
godly.
We say in the name of Jesus: Satan, you
will not cause all the havoc and torment
that you're doing in the nation right
now with people burning boxes
and
ballots. Father, we come
against this spirit
of rioting and destruction that's
already trying to rear its head before the
vote has
even been counted. We come
against that spirit right now in the
name of Jesus and we say, 'Satan, stop
it
now.'We
call peace over the election
and
over this nation. We say
you will not cause rioting,
looting, plundering, or
any
distractions
with terrorist attacks, burning
ballots,
threats, or any kind of
terrorist activity. We
come against it in the name of Jesus and
call peace over our voting areas
and
neighborhoods.
Devil, you will not do this. We plead
the blood of Jesus and hold
it
against you.
We
thank you, Lord, for your angels. We thank
you for Psalm 91 and Psalm 23,
where
you said you sent your
angels to keep charge over us and they
bear us up in their hands lest we dash our
foot against a stone. Father, we put
a bloodline around our voting areas,
voting booths, and
neighborhoods so
that
no weapon formed against
us shall prosper. We say there
is no plot, no plan, and nothing wicked trying to
steal any election. We call forth a righteous vote in the
name of Jesus
and that there would be no
robbery,
corruption,
or
scandals. Father, I thank you
that this will be a time of the
righteous rising up.
We say in
the name of Jesus Christ
that
all fraudulent ballots are found.
Every legal vote will count. It's a
free nation where
people can vote how they
want,
but
not
illegally. Father, we thank you
that people will hear the true heart of
America. This will not be a rigged
thing; it
will be
right, and we'll know
exactly where America stands. Their eyes
will
be opened; the people will know. Father, we
believe the
eyes
of the
people will not be blinded by race,
gender, or party, but will
be guided
by what the Holy Spirit tells
them in the voting box.
They will know what your heart is for
this nation, not by gender,
race, or party, but
by the Spirit of the Lord
rising
up inside of them saying, 'Vote
this
way.'The
things they're trying to cover up
will be exposed. Angels are going
on assignment right now in the name of
Jesus. You are moving on our behalf
and
causing it to come to
pass. Every evil plot
the devil has in store, Father, you
will turn it around for good in our
favor. We will
not have a turnout of
demonic or illegal voting;
it will all be
by your hand.
Father, I
thank you that you would part the sea for
America
just as you did
for the
children of Israel.
We will walk upon
dry ground to the other side while
Pharaoh is
left
behind. I thank you, Father, that all
hidden things are revealed. I call
for favor over Ted Cruz. I thank you
that Ted Cruz will win by a landslide in
the name of Jesus and that all hidden
things concerning him be revealed.
Father,
I pray a blessing over Kari Lake right
now. Kari Lake rises up and people are
going to vote for Kari Lake by a
landslide in Jesus'name. Is that who's
over Arizona? Because that just rose up
inside of me to pray for her.
We call forth Kari Lake to
be blessed.
Let's pray for Kari Lake right now;
I just saw it in the spirit realm.
Father, we praise you and call
forth breakthrough for Kari Lake right
now in the name of
Jesus. Do not get discouraged.
We call for her to have a
backbone and be strong.
Do not give up even after
Tuesday,
Wednesday,
or
Thursday. I see them trying
to delay.
Keep on keeping on; you
must have
a fighter mentality.
It
will
be so close,
resulting
in
a recount
of
the
Democrats
fighting
this.
We call forth boldness over
Kari
Lake right now. In the name of
Jesus, we speak that she will have
strong courage. She is a
warrior who
will
keep fighting and not let go.
When they try to
block
her,
the righteous rise
up. I call for help for
her—people
set in position to help
her. Father, send strategic people, including judges,
to ensure
this thing is not robbed from
her. I thank you, Lord, that
there are strategic people around
her right now,
including
judges involved in this
decision-making.
We call forth judges
to rise up
for fairness—not
liberal judges, but
those who
are equally
fair and
not
bound by
a
party line.
We pray over the
heart of the judge right now in the name
of Jesus. We say, 'Satan, get your hands
off that heart
and
mind.'I
bind you
in the name of Jesus; get out of
there so that the judge will be able to
function and think freely, making good
decisions and not being influenced by
demonic
spirits, having clarity of mind. I see clearly into it.
Father, I thank you
that
all hidden ballots will be revealed.
The
recount
will
be
very close, but
we
pray you
widen
the margin
for
Kari
Lake
to win. We
call forth
a wider margin in the name of Jesus. We call forth a wider
margin in the name of Jesus,
by 200,000
votes. Widen the
margin; I see the number
200,000. Over the counties, we call the
red votes
in.
We thank you, Lord, today. We thank you,
Lord, for today. We thank you, Lord, that there
is
a turning point right now, that
this is pushing it in the spirit.
Father, we will have the
victory. We lasso that victory in and we bring
it in in Jesus'name.
The victory
is ours.
We pray, Father, that Kari Lake
has peace that passes
all understanding. She takes the land.
Father, we stand in the gap for her. We
stand and
fight the battle. We will not
lose; we will not cower down. She
will
have a
backbone; she will not cower down. We
pray for her right now. We lift her up
and
her family.
She will have confidence. Even the
workers surrounding her, from the
smallest to the biggest helping her:
do not fold.
Now, Father, we thank you, Lord, for all
of Nevada. We pray over these places,
Pennsylvania. We pray, Father, that there is
a turnover
over Colorado. We
call
for Colorado
to turn red in
Jesus'name.
And Minnesota, you will turn red
in the name of Jesus. We thank you,
Father, that Ilhan
Omar,
the one over there, is removed. We thank
you that she is removed,
that she will not
have a seat
anymore. The district that
is
righteous will rise up in Jesus'name;
she
will be removed.
We call forth the other one, the
troublemaker that is in New York, to be
removed. We thank you, Lord, that she
is
removed also,
Father, and that a righteous person
would rise up. Father, I thank you
that even Nancy Pelosi would be removed
and a righteous person would take her
place,
too. And Schumer would go home and
be moved out of the way. I don't know if
his position is up, but Father, I thank
you that you would remove Schumer in
Jesus'name,
and
that
a righteous person would take his
place.
All these people that have been
troublemakers, may they retire
and go
home.
We thank you, Lord,
for supernatural victory in every area
of these elections.
God, we thank you, Lord, for it
is for
such a time as this.
I believe
there are
many
of us praying, and I believe we have the
victory in Jesus'name.
There is
no terrorist
attack; nothing comes near.
There is
protection over the election
and
over America.
Angels are now taking charge, and there is war.
With
swords and shields drawn, they
are
watching over us. I thank
you, Lord, that
we
are always in the right place at the
right time, doing exactly what God
has
called us to do.
It
is
time for victory and for us
to have revival. If you are new
here, welcome.
We believe in
the baptism of the Holy Spirit. We
are
not ashamed of
it.
We believe in praying in other
tongues,
praying forth mysteries
out of our spirit
in our heavenly language.
Every single one of you can pray in the
unknown tongue. Read Acts chapter 2 and find
the book 'Why Tongues'by Kenneth
Hagin.
Read
that
book
by
Brother Kenneth E. Hagin, and it will bless you. If you say the prayer in that book,
you
will
be baptized in the Holy Spirit,
speaking in tongues and fire.
If you are new here,
please like our videos,
subscribe,
and click the
notification bell. It is what gets
the gospel spread throughout the whole
world.
People are
being
born again, saved, healed, and delivered.
We talked to
a
lady at the church
who
was radically healed
at a tent revival after
seven surgeries.
Her arm got caught
in
a forklift,
trapped between a big
bag of rice.
It almost ripped
her arm out
of the socket and
completely off her body.
After
seven surgeries, she could not lift her
hand above her head, but by the
power of God, she was raising her
hand in church. It
was amazing to see an arm that
was almost completely ripped off.
God is so good; it is just the
beginning.
We
stand by Jesus the healer,
the same yesterday, today, and
forever.
Thank you for joining us
today.
We
hope it blessed you. This
is stuff that we needed to say
and
pray. That prayer
for Kari
Lake
was
definitely necessary.
Put a smile on your face and a song
in your heart. Jesus loves you,
and we love you.